It's too late today.
Let's go home.
Miss Zoujiang
I know you heard me. I'm not kidding
I like you.
Can you be my girlfriend?
You really like me.
like
Can we be together?
Let's grow together with Doudou
But before me
It wasn't your fault!
You are also a victim
I don't care about your past
It's you now
And the future you
Then if I promise you
You are my first boyfriend
Will be the last
Is this a promise?
guarantee
Look at you happy
I didn't say yes.
But I heard your heart
Would you like to be with me?
This life
I will protect you
Have you ever said this to anyone?
Know that person's name
It's Doudou, oops.
Age mommy
Finally together
Gu Doudou, you actually peeked